what's up guys and gals for now Wow and
Twitter I've been hinting I've been
talking about I've been leading on about
a pro ho commentary and I really did
want this video I think was it a week
ago or two but at like I really really
wanted to release it but the thing is
that I had a lot of issues trying to get
it out I I'm not gonna go into detail
but basically to get just the things the
original was very pushy very vulgar and
I'm very very very very very stupid on
my part because I was basically
name-calling and frankly what I actually
wanted to get out of this was
educational value what a pro ho is what
it means to you and why you shouldn't
even bother so let's dive into what I
mean the phrase is pro ho the best
definition I can give is actually
straight from urban dictionary number
two so a pro ho is a girl who hangs out
around major league gaming professional
or semi-professional Hagel players or
dates one in hopes of getting special
privileges such as VIP passes swag free
plane tickets or free hotel now of
course I was in 2011 season this
includes Starcraft and call of duty pros
but the thing is the general phases of
things is that these girls these pro
hoes are designed as easy you can spot
them by blatantly flirting on Twitter or
Facebook with those pros or actually
stalking at lebovitz and let me just
point out also however that there are
these are different than usual fangirls
now let me just differentiate it
fangirls sit there and the Google a
novel but um I never want to get all
gold if you know I'm saying but the
thing is that these pro hoes use these
tactics for exposure literally attention
trying to vie for attention most notably
found within the venue wearing a pro
pass whenever they never earn pro status
coaching a pro's team or wearing very
skimpy or revealing clothes when they
were there not booth babe while getting
their meal ticket off their targets
travel stipend their name sort of
becomes tab you if you've caught up on
your Twitter drama or you've been to
events you know exactly how I'm talking
about but pro hoes have been present for
MLG probably its entire existence
at at this point in time it's fair to
say probably in the third generation at
this point but why don't we even bring
it up in the past the term was used very
quietly it was more of an underground
issue and people the people who are
involved or just kind of like they would
see it but they'll just let it slide but
at this point the term pro ho is almost
as popular or it is popular as much as
the word trihard the word random bad kid
and it stinks because any girl
affiliated or friends with a person
would pro status or even addressing like
saying hi to one is immediately called
out for being a pro ho and the term is
obviously in this case it's used way too
frequently but the problem is that now
it's almost used proudly it's disgracing
the scene even more because the front
the thing is that it's willingly being
used as an identifier now why can't it
and i quote being known for being a pro
ho is better than not being known at all
now what's this line from well this is
this line is straight from the horse's
mouth now this is becoming a truth that
some girls are actually accepting and
embracing in the league a female can
devote all her time and effort into
becoming a professional gamer and a good
number that are involved right now can
but the approach 0 ideology is that you
gain all the benefits from a Fame and
social status with an MLG without having
to put in the work they supply so many
cases to of course you know a half of
them YouTube it happens in regular just
work integrations but MLG has never seen
the term so mainstream one of the
difficulties that kind of stems from
these kind of girls is the inability for
other females to try it with an MLG as
far as competing I mean what's the point
what's the purpose of persevering in a
circuit as a competitive gamer whenever
you can get your name out there faster
as someone
ride or I guess potential girlfriend the
other problem is that so many other
females who you know don't have lustful
interest but are more of the spectator
side or just want to get you know casual
as far as MLG goes and just get involved
with the community they're ready
dissipated because they don't want to be
seen as such they don't want to be seen
as pro ho or have anything to do with it
they're already considered it even
though that they may say hi in a pit
passing kind of visual style but they're
already like oh my gosh and then people
are kind of called out for absolutely
doing nothing now the problem are not
the problem but what what should be done
about the problem well realistically
speaking to the guys out there who are
watching this because I know you are but
honestly guys don't give any of these
Pro host any credit no they won't sleep
with you even if you view ride them even
if you agree with them or give them
stuff which I know some people have done
they'll actually give these pros stuff
in order to okay well anyway I'm gonna
call back on that a little bit but
anyway oh well then again also if you
have Pro points and it's different
issues and they might sleep with you but
anyway don't bother with those cheap Fox
considered getting yourself a girlfriend
that's even work that's especially worth
getting I mean for God's sakes look at
in controls girlfriend I'm not calling
her a pro ho or anything like that but
she is a beautiful beautiful thing oh
and um also miss organ no big deal but
girls who are trapped in the position
that people are calling you a pro ho for
even saying hi to anyone with pro points
are trying to compete and people are
giving you a hard time well keep your
chin up hitters are learners you know I
ask use me I said I extremely I'm
horrible haters be learners but
basically you know the guys and the
people in the community do learn over
time who's abajo and who are very cool
who are relaxed because the truth is you
really don't need to sleep or get
involved with any guy who
is I guess pro or whatever just to make
you popular or successful seriously pro
hoes are like tissues these ones and
then you just throw away seriously namie
one pro ho that has actually made money
from being known or whatever for being a
pro ho exactly let's see here I already
talked to the guys I'd already talked to
the girls now time to talk to the pro
hose to the ones that are or may be
considered pro hose and probably think
that I should just shut the hell up well
let me break it down this is my message
to you first off you're not the first
every single one that has come into the
MLG community has had their 15 minutes
of fame I'll give you that but then has
been exposed shunned publicly disgraced
and just completely tossed out of the
entire community that's fat you're
welcome to say that you don't care right
now or you don't see it happening or
you're in a good spit in good spot and
you have friends or whatever but
seriously spare yourself if you were to
look at what happened to those girls
that used to frequent MLG they're no
longer involved they have lost literally
all ties with a lot because that they
consider their friends and they have
lost all respect from others and that's
whenever you truly become nothing
because you realize that you wasted all
of your time trying to get involved in
the first place spare yourself that fate
I've seen it happen to really nice girls
in the past and then they just go down
that path and it's truly a depressing
disappointing sight but anyway i hope
this wasn't lying to you all maybe in
the future i'll release an unabridged
version of my commentary but at this
point i think all of us just need to
take a step back and put these girls
back in line because honestly they
should not be in the front reaping all
the benefits whenever there are much
more deserving players and people out
there putting the effort into becoming
successful anyway I'm letting insanity
thank you for watching thank you for
listening and I hope you all keep it
classy bye